LOGARITHM AND EXPONENTIAL FUNCTION

To learn Logarithm (logaritmic function) first lets look at 
exponential function (exponential equation). Note: Exponential 
equations (exponential functions) are a specific type of equation 
that involve exponential functions. A mathematical function is 
like a magic machine that changes one number into another number.


Have you ever counted by multiplying a number by itself over and 
over again? For example, counting by twos: 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64,
and so on. This is called exponential growth, where a number is 
multiplied by itself many times.

An exponential function is like the magical machine for exponents
that does this multiplication for us! Instead of having to 
multiply a number by itself many times, we can just write an 
exponential function and it will do the multiplication for us.

An exponential function is a bit like a special rule that we can 
use to figure out what happens when we multiply a number by itself 
a certain number of times. The rule looks like this: y = b^x, 
where b is a number (called the base) and x is a number (called 
the exponent).

For example, if b is 2 and x is 3, then the exponential function 
would be y = 2^3. This means that we need to multiply 2 by itself 
3 times, which gives us the answer of 8.

Exponential functions are used in many different ways, like 
measuring how fast a population is growing or how loud a sound is. 
But the important thing to remember is that an exponential 
function helps us figure out what happens when we multiply a 
number by itself many times, without having to do all the 
multiplication ourselves.